			D. Cyclic Operations
				time limit per test
			1 second
				memory limit per test
			256 megabytes
				input
			standard input
				output
			standard output
			Egor has an array $$$a$$$ of length $$$n$$$, initially consisting of zeros. However, he wanted to turn it into another array $$$b$$$ of length $$$n$$$.
			Since Egor doesn't take easy paths, only the following operation can be used (possibly zero or several times):
			 
				 choose an array $$$l$$$ of length $$$k$$$ ($$$1 \leq l_i \leq n$$$, all $$$l_i$$$ are 
					distinct
				) and change each element $$$a_{l_i}$$$ to $$$l_{(i\%k)+1}$$$ ($$$1 \leq i \leq k$$$). 
			He became interested in whether it is possible to get the array $$$b$$$ using only these operations. Since Egor is still a beginner programmer, he asked you to help him solve this problem.
			The operation $$$\%$$$ means taking the remainder, that is, $$$a\%b$$$ is equal to the remainder of dividing the number $$$a$$$ by the number $$$b$$$.
			Input
			The first line of the input contains an integer $$$t$$$ ($$$1 \leq t \leq 10^5$$$) - the number of test cases.
			Each test case consists of two lines. The first line contains two integers $$$n$$$ and $$$k$$$ ($$$1 \leq k \leq n \leq 10^5$$$).
			The second line contains the array $$$b_1, b_2, \ldots, b_n$$$ ($$$1 \leq b_i \leq n$$$).
			It is guaranteed that the sum of $$$n$$$ over all test cases does not exceed $$$2 \cdot 10^5$$$.
			Output
			For each test case, output 
				"YES"
			 (without quotes) if there is a way to get the array $$$b$$$ using only the given operation. Otherwise, output 
				"NO"
			 (without quotes). You can output each letter in any case (lowercase or uppercase). For example, the strings "
				yEs
			", "
				yes
			", "
				Yes
			" and "
				YES
			" will be accepted as a positive answer.
			Example
					Input
						6
						5 3
						2 3 5 3 4
						4 2
						2 4 3 1
						1 1
						1
						3 1
						1 2 3
						5 3
						5 4 3 2 1
						6 1
						1 2 3 1 5 6
					Output
					
YES
NO
YES
YES
NO
NO

			Note
			Let's consider the first example: 
			 
				 Apply the operation with $$$l$$$ = $$$[1,2,3]$$$. Now $$$a$$$ = $$$[2,3,1,0,0]$$$. 
				 Apply the operation with $$$l$$$ = $$$[3,5,4]$$$. Now $$$a$$$ = $$$[2,3,5,3,4]$$$ = $$$b$$$. 
		 We see that it is possible to get the array $$$b$$$. Therefore, the answer is 
			YES
		.
			In the second example, it can be proven that the array $$$b$$$ cannot be obtained, therefore the answer is 
				NO
			.
