			G. Anya and the Mysterious String
				time limit per test
			3 seconds
				memory limit per test
			256 megabytes
				input
			standard input
				output
			standard output
			Anya received a string $$$s$$$ of length $$$n$$$ brought from Rome. The string $$$s$$$ consists of lowercase Latin letters and at first glance does not raise any suspicions. An instruction was attached to the string.
				Start of the instruction.
			A palindrome is a string that reads the same from left to right and right to left. For example, the strings "
				anna
			", "
				aboba
			", "
				level
			" are palindromes, while the strings "
				gorilla
			", "
				banan
			", "
				off
			" are not.
			A substring $$$[l \ldots r]$$$ of string $$$s$$$ is a string $$$s_l s_{l+1} \ldots s_{r-1} s_r$$$. For example, the substring $$$[4 \ldots 6]$$$ of the string "
				generation
			" is the string "
				era
			".
			A string is called 
				beautiful
			 if it 
				does not
			 contain a substring of length 
				at least
			 two that is a palindrome. For example, the strings "
				fox
			", "
				abcdef
			", and "
				yioy
			" are 
				beautiful
			, while the strings "
				xyxx
			", "
				yikjkitrb
			" are not.
			When an integer $$$x$$$ is added to the character $$$s_i$$$, it is replaced $$$x$$$ times with the 
				next
			 character in the alphabet, with "
				z
			" being replaced by "
				a
			".
			When an integer $$$x$$$ is added to the substring $$$[l, r]$$$ of string $$$s$$$, it becomes the string $$$s_1 s_2 \ldots s_{l-1} (s_l + x) (s_{l+1} + x) \ldots (s_{r-1} + x) (s_r + x) s_{r+1} \ldots s_n$$$. For example, when the substring $$$[2, 4]$$$ of the string "
				abazaba
			" is added with the number $$$6$$$, the resulting string is "
				ahgfaba
			".
				End of the instruction.
			After reading the instruction, Anya resigned herself to the fact that she has to answer $$$m$$$ queries. The queries can be of two types:
			 
				 Add the number $$$x$$$ to the substring $$$[l \ldots r]$$$ of string $$$s$$$. 
				 Determine whether the substring $$$[l \ldots r]$$$ of string $$$s$$$ is 
					beautiful
				. 
			Input
			The first line contains an integer $$$t$$$ ($$$1 \le t \le 10^4$$$) - the number of test cases.
			The descriptions of the test cases follow.
			The first line of each test case contains two integers $$$n$$$ and $$$m$$$ ($$$1 \le n, m \le 2 \cdot 10^5$$$) - the length of the string $$$s$$$ and the number of queries.
			The second line of each test case contains the string $$$s$$$ of length $$$n$$$, consisting of lowercase Latin letters.
			The next $$$m$$$ lines contain the queries:
			 
				 $$$1$$$ $$$l$$$ $$$r$$$ $$$x$$$ ($$$1 \le l \le r \le n$$$, $$$1 \le x \le 10^9$$$) - description of a query of the first type; 
				 $$$2$$$ $$$l$$$ $$$r$$$ ($$$1 \le l \le r \le n$$$) - description of a query of the second type. 
			It is guaranteed that the sum of $$$n$$$ and the sum of $$$m$$$ over all test cases 
				do not exceed
			 $$$2 \cdot 10^5$$$.
			Output
			For each query of the second type, output "
				YES
			" if the substring $$$[l \ldots r]$$$ of string $$$s$$$ is 
				beautiful
			, otherwise output "
				NO
			".
			You can output "
				YES
			" and "
				NO
			" in any case (for example, the strings "
				yEs
			", "
				yes
			", "
				Yes
			", and "
				YES
			" will be recognized as positive answers).
			Example
					Input
						5
						12 8
						tedubcyyxopz
						2 2 5
						1 4 8 2
						2 1 7
						1 3 5 40
						1 9 11 3
						1 10 10 9
						2 4 10
						2 10 12
						10 4
						ubnxwwgzjt
						2 4 10
						2 10 10
						1 6 10 8
						2 7 7
						11 3
						hntcxfxyhtu
						1 4 6 1
						2 4 10
						1 4 10 21
						13 2
						yxhlmzfhqctir
						1 5 9 3
						1 8 13 15
						2 3
						bp
						1 1 2 15
						1 1 2 18
						1 2 2 1000000000
					Output
					
YES
NO
NO
YES
NO
YES
YES
YES

			Note
			In the first test case of the first test, the following happens:
			 
				 
					t
						edub
					cyyxopz
				: the string 
					edub
				 is 
					beautiful
				; 
				 
					ted
						ubcyy
					xopz
				 $$$\to$$$ 
					tedwdeaaxopz
				; 
				 
						tedwdea
					axopz
				: the string 
					tedwdea
				 is not 
					beautiful
				 as it contains the palindrome 
					edwde
				; 
				 
					te
						dwd
					eaaxopz
				 $$$\to$$$ 
					terkreaaxopz
				; 
				 
					terkreaa
						xop
					z
				 $$$\to$$$ 
					terkreaaarsz
				; 
				 
					terkreaaa
						r
					sz
				 $$$\to$$$ 
					terkreaaaasz
				; 
				 
					ter
						kreaaaa
					sz
				: the string 
					kreaaaa
				 is not 
					beautiful
				 as it contains the palindrome 
					aaaa
				; 
				 
					terkreaaa
						asz
				: the string 
					asz
				 is 
					beautiful
				. 
