			C. Perfect Square
				time limit per test
			2 seconds
				memory limit per test
			256 megabytes
				input
			standard input
				output
			standard output
			Kristina has a matrix of size $$$n$$$ by $$$n$$$, filled with lowercase Latin letters. The value of $$$n$$$ is 
				even
			.
			She wants to change some characters so that her matrix becomes a 
				perfect square
			. A matrix is called a 
				perfect square
			 if it remains unchanged when rotated $$$90^\circ$$$ clockwise 
				once
			.
			Here is an example of rotating a matrix by $$$90^\circ$$$:
			 
			   
			In one operation, Kristina can choose any cell and replace its value with the next character in the alphabet. If the character is equal to "
				z
			", its value 
				does not change
			.
			Find the 
				minimum
			 number of operations required to make the matrix a 
				perfect square
			.
			For example, if the $$$4$$$ by $$$4$$$ matrix looks like this:
			$$$$$$\matrix{ a & b & b & a \cr b & c & \textbf{b} & b \cr b & c & c & b\cr a & b & b & a \cr }$$$$$$
			then it is enough to apply $$$1$$$ operation to the letter 
				b
			, highlighted in bold.
			Input
			The first line of the input contains a single integer $$$t$$$ ($$$1 \le t \le 10^2$$$) — the number of test cases.
			Then follows the description of each test case.
			The first line of each test case contains a single 
				even
			 integer $$$n$$$ ($$$2 \le n \le 10^3$$$) — the number of rows and columns in the matrix.
			Then follows $$$n$$$ lines, each containing exactly $$$n$$$ lowercase Latin letters.
			It is guaranteed that the sum of $$$n$$$ over all test cases does not exceed $$$10^3$$$.
			Output
			For each test case, output a single number on a separate line: the 
				minimum
			 number of operations required for Kristina to obtain a 
				perfect square
			.
			Example
					Input
						5
						4
						abba
						bcbb
						bccb
						abba
						2
						ab
						ba
						6
						codefo
						rcesco
						deforc
						escode
						forces
						codefo
						4
						baaa
						abba
						baba
						baab
						4
						bbaa
						abba
						aaba
						abba
					Output
					
1
2
181
5
9

			Note
			The first test case is explained in the problem statement.
